Hey Girl hey Merry Christmas that's the
day you know what that means what I got
for Christmas video I've done these
traditionally every year on Christmas so
Merry Christmas first of all I hope you
had an amazing day with your family and
loved ones and friends and all that
great stuff I know my uncle's house
right now so different background so
cheering up if you haven't been to my
channel before welcome if you like this
video feel free to subscribe button down
below and you can see what I put out new
videos and I'm just gonna show you guys
what I got for Christmas
I think this summer I'm not trying to
brag I know that you all hear this all
the time but I really want you to
another I do this because people love
watching them and I think their cell
phone kind of just like you know what
your friends know what you get like
talking about it and fun stuff it's not
like trying to say this is what I got
it's much better than yours this is I
definitely think Christmas is about is
about being a family and like loving and
appreciating with people around you not
the presents so don't think I'm like
focusing on presence also that's ironic
cuz I'm sitting alone filming a video on
Christmas okay so without further ado
let's kids sorry I thought my favorite
perfume this is the new it's from
Anthropologie and this is the big size
of it and I also got I also got the
little travel-size for when we go
traveling or want to take it somewhere
which is really great this is the one I
actually have now I had it for the whole
year at lost it so with both of these
next time we're talking I got a delicate
skin it's just a replacement head for
the Clarisonic because I have a clear
sonic and you need to replace this every
now and again so basically I think the
tradition is I get one for Christmas
every year and that's the only time I
replace it I don't know how often you're
supposed to but I do know it's you
oh my god my mom caught me the most
adorable thing I always see these in
Starbucks but I'm not the kind of person
that would like go out and buy it for
myself
but it's a gold little Starbucks
ornament so it's adorable I love coffee
and Starbucks I'm Italian cool things in
ornament so all around it was a good
choice love you mom
rock on Paulo and then of course I got
candy peeps always love them and then
chocolates again to it because what's
Christmas without candy still Christmas
oh my god gift cards I didn't see these
Wow
oh yes - $25 gift card sighs it's gonna
go buy some new tunes again this is so
cute my mom got me um a silver it's a
car emblem with my sorority letters lol
I'm like really rocking this sorority
stuff today um it's
I love metallic things it's just like
perfect so thanks then an EOS lip-balm
with strawberry I'm pretty much already
useless so it's already open
getting you certified wow I'm so perky
and readable and then lastly some
chocolate coins love you daddy
would like to juggle I feel like I sing
that every single day that have you
dougie in the mood change the word
somehow so yeah that was my sake I'm so
excited about everything especially the
everything spray myself with my perfume
please even tried the vanilla from
Anthropologie go but wait this was the
year of frozen gifts so if you know me
or watch my videos then you know I'm
obsessed with frozen you see the serious
face it's because I take it very
seriously hi I'm Olaf with a leak or
bugs this is hidin hug Olaf it's so cute
I actually saw this when I was shopping
with oh I was like that's the cutest
thing I've ever seen
um so basically if you guys have ever
seen like Elf on a shelf I never really
understood I never watch the movie or
read it or anything but I'm pretty sure
it's just like you hide the Elf on a
shelf and like it's just a thing like
you hide it and find it so this is kind
of like that it's hard and hug see it's
a little stuffed animal and you hide it
and then when you find that you lug it I
guess it's like a game between family
members or something I'll probably force
my roommates to do this in our apartment
low key and then it cause it's little
bug - so it's so cute there's this hot
pink long-sleeve shirt this looks so
comfy by the way um it's adorable it
says let it go let it go okay I'm not
gonna break out into song we really do
but like can we just appreciate this
I'm not gonna let it go and then for my
apartment I told my mom that I really
needed a like a nice throw blanket so
this is perfect it's from Target I'm
pretty sure um
I chose it but she got it for me and
it's it's like fleas and then the
outside is cable-knit if you can see
that it's just like this beautiful throw
blanket and it's so nice and soft
because we need like a nice one in our
apartment it's gonna be nice and warm
and and then for my brother I got this
from Earvin up there's also a good boxes
are adorable like what he taught me this
book that's called stuff every college
student should know by Blair Fort Berk
so I bought this because I am just such
a list person like it's insane I just
love making this and reading lists and
this is just some bunch of lists of
different things you need to know
College like how to pick a major and the
only spring break packing list you'll
ever need how to write a killer resume
it's all this like little fun stuff
that's so helpful and I'm so excited
so yeah I'm basically gonna read this
probably on the drive in then last but
certainly not least the frozen single oh
I have no words I've seen frozen
probably more than ten times definitely
more than ten times and now I get to see
it even more because I have it on DVD in
the single version not that I like need
the sing-along version cuz I know all
the words but like you know for all my
friends yeah we need a little bit help
see that that's gonna be me me singing
let it go can't hold it back anymore
really excited to make use of this it'll
be fun so that is it that's what I open
this morning on Christmas morning when I
got Ferguson 3:14 I am so thankful for
everything I got like I'm so excited to
weather all
and I just love Christmas I'm gonna go
have some breakfast with all my family
and enjoy my Christmas I hope you guys
have a great day Happy New Year have a
great life you so much for watching make
sure to subscribe down below if you want
to see more and I'm flog to the entire
month of December also I didn't vlog
this I may fluctuate on will be linked
down below so you can go watch all my
blogs leading up to this thank you thank
you thank you for watching I love you
guys so much Merry Christmas Happy
Hanukkah happy Kwanzaa yeah